Create ui-c8y-1022-34-0-allow-uploading-any-assets-e-g-fonts-to-branding-assets-10008.md (#3760)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1022-34-0-allow-uploading-any-assets-e-g-fonts-to-branding-assets-10008.md

---
date: ""

> title: Allow uploading any assets to branding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Allow uploading any type of asset to branding
```

> title: Allow uploading any type of asset to branding

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Allowed uploading any type of resource (fonts, images) to branding
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-64758
version: 1022.34.0
---

> Previously, only images could be uploaded to the branding section of the Administration application. With this change, it is now possible to upload any type of asset, such as fonts, to the branding section. This allows greater flexibility in customizing the look and feel of the Cumulocity IoT platform to match your corporate branding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, only images could be uploaded to the branding section of the Administration application. With this change, it is now possible to upload any type of asset, such as fonts, to the branding section. This allows greater flexibility in customizing the look and feel of the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform to match your corporate branding.
```

> Previously, only images could be uploaded to the branding section of the Administration application. With this change, it is now possible to upload any type of asset, such as fonts, to the branding section. This allows greater flexibility in customizing the look and feel of the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform to match your corporate branding.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, only images could be uploaded to the branding section of the Administration application. With this change, it is now possible to upload any type of resource, such as fonts, to the branding section. This allows greater flexibility in customizing the look and feel of the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform to match your corporate branding.
```
